The end is near and so I face the final curtain
My
I said 8:00 p.m.
Instead Micah's
Always, I'm sad
Tyranny
and I search for
I
ee
and every Highway
and more much more than this I did it my
Even
Thank you very
Very very well done so Trischka, I'm gonna hand you over to Simon
Hmm it was a little quiet Tish go
but you have a very very sweet voice and
You're very cute
Take you home with him you're like a little china, doll yes, I might have to take you home with me
Sing to me okay
Okay, okay well study yoga, okay?
Just just sing sing fields of gold
Are you ready, I felt the cold
You remember me as their ways we move
Upon the fields of barley
You'd forget this owning his jealous sky as we welcome, please
Sharon YES on that
I'll come back to Sharon Louie. Yes, what yeah, I think she's quite fun different
She entertained me it was great fun great great fun. Same. I'm gonna say no. I'm gonna say yes
I was an apprentice jockey or
What an apprentice jockey disc jockey no racing job here?
What's the funny thing
It's just different
About
Just only something I just can't see you riding a horse
Sorry about that. Can I just look at the words yeah absolutely, and you then will it go Haven
So tired of broken hearts and
Losing this game. Sorry I'm gonna Louie to leave the roof. Oh no II just go and leave oh
No
This isn't going well is it mmm-hmm just turn up the volume a bit off you go
So tired of broken hearts and losing
Sharon Louie leave the table, please why because she's trying to sing Madonna
You know what you two should just go next door and let this girl sing nothing serious
Off you go leave the table. She's not okay. Okay? You judge the tower line. How would we know is that better? Thank you?
Should we just go to the chorus
Doesn't way we're gonna get that cherish the strength the power
Make me feel good. Oh, baby perish the thought
No, it's exactly the statement Danny. You should leave as well
So try it again oh no
Maybe next year, maybe next year. I hope stairs. I like the way you dress
You know I hate to flat but a few much better of a pair my my then you a love letter. I messed my pants
Whoa whoa
mystery girl
your body comes to move your body come on move your body I
Stop and stare at you walking on the shore
I try to concentrate a man wants to make spool to explore the tropical scene aren't you?
Takes me up above
Anchor when I look at you oh
No doubt you look so fine boy girl wanna make you mine. Yeah, come on just leave me be
Woman that the love no just choose the only man woken up like I can't yeah, I just let me be
Thank you, thanks very much younger
Then see you later, thank ya
You look like a crab